explicit guide to attributes descriptions (#3534)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/kubernetes-ingress-controller/2.1.x/references/custom-resources.md

[Using the KongIngress resource](/kubernetes-ingress-controller/{{page.kong_version}}/guides/using-kongingress-resource)
guide for details on how to use this resource.

> For reference, the following is a complete spec for KongIngress (for properties information see [Upstream][kong-upstream], [Service][kong-service] and [Route][kong-route] entities):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For reference, the following is a complete spec for KongIngress (for properties information see [Upstream][/gateway/latest/admin-api/#upstream-object], [Service][/gateway/latest/admin-api/#service-object] and [Route][/gateway/latest/admin-api/#route-object] entities):
```

Thank you for this clarification. I've updated the links as we're moving away from link variables. Would you accept this change?

Author: Sure I'll!
